doc: add RELEASE.rst file for maintainers (#478)
labgrid-project/labgrid: doc/RELEASE.rst

Step by step guide to releasing a new labgrid version.

=================
 0. Preparations
=================
Clean the `dist/` directory:

.. code-block:: bash

   rm dist/*

Check your commit mail and name:

.. code-block:: bash

   g config --get user.name
   g config --get user.email

========================
 1. Freeze Dependencies
========================
Freeze the dependencies into the `requirements.txt` file and update the separate
feature rst files.
This ensures that known good dependencies are available for every release.

=================================
 2. Update setup.py Dependencies
=================================
Update the minimum required dependencies in the `setup.py` file.
These are intentionally non restrictive, see `PYPA Discussion
<https://packaging.python.org/discussions/install-requires-vs-requirements/>`_.

> A freezed environment is already created in the previous stup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A frozen environment is already created in the previous step.
```

=======================
 3. Update CHANGES.rst
=======================

Update the `CHANGES.rst` file. This should ideally be done in every pull request,
but its better to check that the `CHANGES.rst` is up to date.
Ensure that no incompatiblities are unlisted and that all major features are
described in a separate section.

> Its best to compare against the git log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's best to compare against the git log.
```

========================
 4. Bump Version Number
========================

Bump the version number in `CHANGES.rst` and `setup.py`

========================
 5. Create a signed Tag
========================

Create a signed tag of the new release.
Your PGP-key has to be available on the computer.

.. code-block:: bash

    g tag -s <your-version-number>

=================
 6. Create sdist
=================

Run the following command:

::

   python setup.py sdist

The sdist file will be available in the `dist/` directory.

============================
 7. Test upload to pypi dev
============================

Test the upload by using twine to upload to pypi test service

::

>    twine upload --repository-url https://test.pypi.org/legacy/ dist/*

Reviewer: Should we upload it to normal pypi as well?
